collaboration fixes (#9165)
owncloud/ocis: services/collaboration/README.md

* External document server.
* The gateway service.
* The app-registry service.

If any of the named services above have not been started or are not reachable, the collaboration service won't start. For the binary or the docker release of Infinite Scale, check with the `ocis list` command if they have been started. If not, you must start them manually upfront before starting the collaboration service.

## WOPI Configuration

There are a few variables that you need to set:

* `COLLABORATION_APP_ADDR`:\

>   The URL of the WOPI app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc).\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The URL of the collaborative editing app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc).\
```

  For example: `https://office.example.com`.

* `COLLABORATION_APP_INSECURE`:\
  In case you are using a self signed certificate for the WOPI app you can tell the collaboration service to allow an insecure connection.

* `COLLABORATION_APP_WOPISRC`:\
  The external address of the collaboration service. The target app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc) will use this address to read and write files from Infinite Scale. \
  For example: `https://wopi.example.com`.

> The WOPI application can be customized further by changing the `COLLABORATION_APP_*` options to better describe the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application can be customized further by changing the `COLLABORATION_APP_*` options to better describe the application.
```

  The URL of the WOPI app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc).\
  For example: `https://office.example.com`.

* `COLLABORATION_WOPIAPP_INSECURE`:\
  In case you are using a self signed certificate for the WOPI app you can tell the collaboration service to allow an insecure connection.

* `COLLABORATION_WOPIAPP_WOPISRC`:\
  The external address of the collaboration service. The target app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc) will use this address to read and write files from Infinite Scale. \

>   For example: `https://wopi.example.com`.

Reviewer 2: All other services use `{SERVICENAME}_HTTP_ADDR` to set the bind address. We should not change this here.

Instead we can configure the `COLLABORATION_WOPIAPP_WOPISRC` directly.
